 what happens when we put the database in statup upgrade mode?
 What is baseline? What is histogram?
 I have 100records in a table. I want only 10records. How to do ? With out using the expdp? (CTAS(create table as select))
 How to do RAC patching? what are the pre-requisites?  have you faced any issues while doing the patching?   
 What are the Oracle12c features?
 What are the diff b/w Oracle10g/11g?
 How to do Patching in Standalone and RAC?
 How to perform the query tuning?
 What are the steps to do RMan cloning by usig duplicate command?
 What is the use of FRA? What files it stored? What is the use of it?
 In RMAN retention period is 2 days. I have 10 days before backup,Can I restore the database by using the backup?
 diff b/w traditional exp and expdp?
 What are the issues faced in your carrier?
 what are the diff b/w public,private and virtual ip?
 What is Scan ip? How it works?
 Split brain syndrome?
 What is TAF?
 What is Cache Fusion?
 Minimum requirement for the creation of ASM?
 How to add a disk to diskgroup?
 I am adding a disk to diskgroup with rebalance 2? Shell i change the rebalance after adding the disk?
 How to check asm status in RAC?
 How to check the Voting disk in RAC?
 My voting disks are corrupted? What happened to my database? 
 How to add voting disk in RAC?
 How to check utilization status of ASM in OS level?
 what are the TOP wait events? How to over come those things?
 How to create AWR Report for a particular query?
 How to generate explain plan?
 How to export and import without using dump file?
 one of the block is corrupted? How to do the recovery?
 diff b/w retention period and recovery window?
 how you are configure the backups to the tapes? Share the script?
 How to do database/schema refresh? what are the pre- request?
 Explain the Database installation steps?
 What are the issues faced in the Dataguard? How to do sync activity?
 My stand by database time is 1 hour delay with the primary? How to configure it?
 what are difference b/w sync and async? diff b/w fal client and fal server?
 Difference b/w memory parameters in 10g and 11g?
 what is the olr? How it is useful?
 Why we are using the db_filename_convert and log_filename_convert parameters?
 What is mean by HA? What are the HA services?
 How to find the master node?
 How to perform the point in time export?
 how to perform the cluster restore?
 How to configure the DG? What are the protection modes? Diff b/w the protection modes?
 I have lag of 600 archives how to perform the sync activity?
 RFS process is not running? What might be the reason?
 I have exported the 500 tables, Now i want to import only 200 tables. How to perform this?
 Have you done any upgrade activity? How to Perform it?
 My cluster version is 10G? I want to upgrade the database? How to perform it?
 How to perform the cluster upgrade?
 One of my node is rebooted in cluster? How to find the cause of reboot?
 One of my node is evicited from the cluster? What might be the reasons?
 What is optimizer?
 Why we need to gather stats?
 What is Bit map index,Hash based index?
 Diff B/w standby and dataguard?


